Now we can fix the styling by simply using the techniques we already learned about, by using the grid
and some of these CSS utility classes.
So let's start with the grid.
I can essentially just copy my grid setup I used up there,
so size-md 6, offset-md 3,
we can copy that and add that to our other columns as well.
So in this second row where I have the expense list, I will add it here and I will also add it to the
column here where I output my total expenses. With this simple change,
we make sure that these columns in separate rows but still columns in these rows have the same size
as the column in the first row
and therefore now if we add food here, this looks way better in my opinion. Now I also want to have some
padding here on this output down there, for that we can go to that paragraph down there and let's try
adding margin here, the CSS utility attribute.
If you do that and you reload, you will see that
now this has the same default margin as the other elements and therefore it nicely aligns here on
the left.
So this again uses the power of these CSS utility attributes to quickly add some default core styles
like margins or paddings to different elements.
And with that, I'd say we have quite a nice application here.